Knew another way to stand out from the pack do you speak a foreign language.
A lot of hosts just completely skip over this.
They are bilingual in Spanish.
They speak French.
They speak Chinese but they just don't think oh my language skills aren't good enough or they just think
that what does it matter right.
It actually does matter.
There being be people search through their system in other languages.
For instance Japanese consumers can search through urban b dot Jaypee and that's only in Japanese.
So if you speak another language wow what you can do is you can list on your property that you speak
that other language.
Now don't be shy if you speak a functional amount of the language you can list that as long as you can
explain to them your property how to get around what they need to know which I think is what you consider
conversational.
You don't necessarily have to be fluent.
You don't have to have a conversation about politics with them but you do need to be able to explain
anything that they would need and be able to handle any type of emergency they might have conversational
is perfectly fine if you're functional.
I'd say you probably are fine as well.
What you can do is you can list out the speaker of the language and then all of a sudden you can open
yourself up to those other markets.
And this is the most effective way I've seen it on your descriptions list your first listing in English
and then list a second listing in the secondary language.
If you're too lazy to translate it you can just hire someone online to translate it.
You know you can do it for 20 bucks and I can just put a translation of it.
But what will happen is whenever someone's looking and maybe they speak English and they're coming to
America but they don't speak great English.
If they see something that's in their native language they're going to be you know three times as likely
to book with that person.
In my experience the vast majority of my bookings come from people who do not speak English as a first
language tourist are my biggest market.
Germany France Spain.
Those are huge.
The secondary's were mainly like England Australia and Chinese consumers are kind of on the rise too.
Spanish is quite helpful to a lot of times you'll get people from Central America South America.
So he's speaking on language use that to your advantage list listed on your description list separate
descriptions in separate languages.
You will book people who don't speak English at all or they speak a little bit of English but they're
not comfortable in it.
This is something that will bring in easily another 20 percent of your bookings.